## Meeting 05.22.14

### Seminary
* Can we work on other stuff while Sue works on content?
* Is there anyway we can make some progress with Seminary or at least give them something to do over the summer while we do Calendar/event moves?
* *Waiting until fall to start Seminary academics is not a viable option*

### CAS Academics
* Cindy, Sue, and Allie are going to take over CAS academics and finish that completely

### Calendar
* Mike loves the idea of moving this by July 10 but wants to make progress with Seminary at the same time

Keley's notes:

### Overall Timeframe
We're not going to hit January for all new Silva.

How do we set priority? It would be our preference to not build Cascade stuff into Silva (like event viewers).

### Migration plan  
Main focus - Events, calendar and all sites that use events and viewers

#### Calendar and Event Pages
Get submission form, Cascade events viewer, and calendar view done by July 10.

Once form is live, everyone in the community will use the new submission form so that they have the ability to edit their events after they've been submitted. They build out the calendar so event migration is minimal (web services will take care of summer events and any events that were populated pre-June).

Migrate 12 sites using event viewers and pages:
https://docs.google.com/a/bethel.edu/spreadsheets/d/1rOlnxvI9MzeW6p6Y-mQlsfYW5jIb_jT72lNmlonV5u0/edit#gid=0

After July 10, start launching sites that use viewers.

#### What this means
* Event freeze from now until July 10. Remove submission button. See if athletics can hold until then.
* AnnMarie is focused on training and access/workflows/etc.
* CAS academic loading is going to Allie, Sue, Cindy - June and July.
* Seminary will not happen this summer.
* Erik and Kelsey will have to audit and migrate 12 sites using events and viewers. Sites will have to go on a temporary freeze at some point while migration is happening.
* Likely can't rethink all CAS admissions events and how they integrate with CRM right now.
* Minimal design and zazz. Minimal changes from what we currenlty have.
* Jan should read Everything is Miscellaneous.


### Brian's webkits
Can he move it right into Cascade? Just with very basic tools...

