## Meeting 06.26.14

### CAS Academics
* Shared majors
    * Trying a primary dept with major/minor page built there
    * Create a basic plus page and embed page on it
    * No metadata will be carried over
    * Placement in list determines which major/minor/program button shows up
    * Mike talk to deans about major/minors index going to one dept
    * Lauren can determine what the primary department is for each shared major -- AMV talk to her
    * Lauren can link to both departments in the intro sentence
* Meeting with Barret went awesome - good job everyone with giving academics what they want!

### Tinker
* Should the 'not approved' button show a preview of the page? - yes!
    * Can we add a big read header to the staging site?
* Change default time to 8 a.m.? - suggestion by Cindy -- just leave it. people will ahve to touch it either way
* It's not clear what should go in the directions box - suggestion by Cindy -- seed text or help text so people know what to put there

### Basic Plus
* Pages with 'main image' have a full column image at the top. Many pages don't need a full column image though --
    * http://staging.bethel.edu//alumni/awards/college/awardee
    * http://staging.bethel.edu/parents/prospective/stories/eckert
    * http://staging.bethel.edu//alumni/awards/seminary/awardee

### Calendar
* Make this my default view - do we want this?
* Jame-o is setting it up as a cookie

### WHAT ARE WE DOING ABOUT H1?
* Titles are H1
* Headings are H2
* Subheadings are H3

### Other Random Questions
* Sites that go 4 levels deep - don't show in silva - do show in Cascade. what do we want?
    * Keep it the same, hide 4th level and tell people DON'T go 4 levels deep
    * Add it to github
